OK I'd like to discuss expert press release.
And perfect timing strategy always create a press release for everyone of your app launches.
Why.
Because it does help with SEO at the very least you can use p or blog or P or.
You need to learn how to write a press release correctly or it will be tossed in the garbage unfortunately.
I hire a professional to do this for me.
Just check out the final notes in my bonus section at the end of this course for a link and it's very
inexpensive too.
There are others there that can submit your press release and save you hundreds of dollars as well.
Peter Webb is currently ranked number one news release service.
Both are very good.
If you don't have thousands of dollars to burn per month then I would highly suggest that you stay away
from PR agencies or firms because they can throw your money really fast here.
Now when's the perfect time for a press release you ask.
Well there's no magic number.
The popular advice was to always avoid the weekends Mondays and Fridays.
Other experts always say a slow news day when there's not much happening and the journalists are scratching
their heads for newsworthy stories is a good day to send your release out.
All experts agree that the worst time to send out your press release is when the whole world is glued
to a huge breaking news story.
Therefore don't even think about competing with a celebrity story.
A terrorist attack or a school shooting data suggests that the busiest day for press releases is on
a Tuesday.
That's when the top press release services receive their highest numbers the second busiest day tends
to fall on a Monday.
Fridays are the least busy week day and almost nothing happens on the weekends.
Almost everyone sends their press releases between 8:00 and 9:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time.
53 percent said Tuesday was the best day.
And 63 percent reported Tuesday morning was the best time.
Always avoid the weekends period.
Experts say try sending in your press release on a Wednesday or Thursday morning or perhaps even after
hours on Monday would suffice here because editors and journalists are always connected.
The timing of your press release is becoming less and less important than it was in the past.
The media can now assess your e-mails and social networking accounts 24/7 today.
OK I'll see you in the next lecture.